## 1.1.1 A Nuts-and-Bolts Description

> The nuts and bolts of the Internet, that is, the basic hardware and software components that make up the Internet.

The Internet is a computer network that interconnects billions of computing devices through the world. Today not only computers and workstations are being connected to the network, therefore the term 「***computer network***」 is beginning to sound a bit dated.

All the devices connected to the Internet are called ***hosts*** or ***end systems***. End systems are connected together by a network of ***communication links*** and ***packets switches***.

Different links can transmit data at different rates, with the ***transmission rate*** of a link measured in bits/second.

When one end system has data to send to another end system, the sending end system ***segments*** the data and adds 「***header bytes***」 to each segment. The resulting packages of information, called 「***packets***」, are then sent through the network to the destination and system, where they a reassembled into the original data.

A packet switch takes a packet arriving on one of its incoming communication links and forwards that packet on one of its outgoing communication links. The two most prominent types of packets switches are 「***routers***」 and 「***link switches***」. The sequence of communication links and packet switches traversed by a packet from the sending end system to the receiving end system is known as **route** or **path**.

>  「***Link-layer switches***」 are typically used in ***access networks***, while 「***routers***」 are typically used in the ***network core***.

## 1.1.2 A Services Description

The Internet can be described as ***an infrastructure that provides services to applications***. In addition to traditional 
applications such as e-mail and Web surfing, Internet applications include mobile smartphone and tablet applications, including Internet messaging, mapping with real-time road-traffic information, music streaming movie and television streaming, 
online social media, video conferencing, multi-person games, and location-based recommendation systems. These applications are said to be ***distributed application***, since they involve multiple end systems that exchange data with each other. Importantly, **Internet applications run on end systems, not in the packet switches or routers**. Although packet switches facilitate the exchange of data, but they are not concerned with the application that is the source or sink of data.

End systems attached to the Internet provide and 「***socket interface***」 that specifies how a program running on one end system asks the Internet infrastructure to deliver data to a specific destination program running on another end system.

## 1.1.3 What Is a Protocol?

All activity in the Internet that involves two or more communicating remote entities is governed by a protocol.

For example,
- 「***hardware-implemented protocols***」 in two physically connected computers control the flow of bits on the “wire” between the two network interface cards; 
- 「***congestion-control protocols***」 in end systems control the rate at which packets are transmitted between sender and receiver; 
- 「***protocols in routers***」 determine a packet’s path from source to destination.
